enableHash = true
enablePhotoDNA = false
enableHashDBLookup = true
enablePhotoDNALookup = false
enableLedDie = true
enableYahooNSFWDetection = false
enableQRCode = true
ignoreDuplicates = false
exportFileProps = false
processFileSignatures = true
enableFileParsing = true
expandContainers = true
processEmbeddedDisks = true
enableRegexSearch = true
enableAutomaticExportFiles = true
enableLanguageDetect = true
enableNamedEntityRecogniton = false
enableGraphGeneration = true
entropyTest = true
indexFileContents = true
enableIndexToElasticSearch = false
enableMinIO = false
enableAudioTranscription = false
enableCarving = true
enableLedCarving = false
enableKnownMetCarving = false
enableImageThumbs = true
enableImageSimilarity = true
enableFaceRecognition = true
enableVideoThumbs = true
enableDocThumbs = true
enableHTMLReport = true
enableAudioTranslation = false
enableTextTranslation = false
enableImageClassification = false